TacticsGame
Overview
	MVP Features
		Turn based, tactical combat gameplay
			Hotseat Multiplayer functionality - no AI
			Each friendly Character can take one move action and one attack action per player turn.
		Turn flow
			A simple text only “Start of turn” banner appears.  The banner has the controlling Player name (or number?) and the character identifier.  Banner then disappears.
			The active character is highlighted, and available options are presented.
			An action must be taken with that character (even if that option is “pass”?)
			Once actions have been expended, or pass has been selected, return to #1.
		Game Flow
			Players take turns for their Characters until only one team remains.
		Playable character
			Character Active State
				At the start of a match, characters are added into the initiative order list with the value 0.
				The character with the lowest initiative value is set to an active state.
				While in an active state, a character can move, use an ability/attack, or pass.
				When a character becomes active, the tiles around the character will change color to denote a valid movable range.
				The active character maintains this active state until these actions are taken (or until Pass is selected, forfeiting any remaining actions)
			Move
				An active character can move one time during their initiative.
				A move is performed by left clicking on a valid terrain tile.
				Move is limited by distance
					Limited by a max range: 4
					A character cannot move to a cell that is outside of their movement range.
					Move can target a cell 1, 2 or 3 cells away from the currently occupied cell, and will move the active character to that position.
				Move is limited by height of adjacent tiles.
					Limited by a max height: 3
					A character can only move to a cell if its height is equal to or less than the hight limit to their move.
					Characters cannot move to an adjacent cell that is too high above their currently occupied cell.
					Every cell that the active character moves to recalculates adjacent height requirements so that they can move to cells within their max height limit every cell that is moved.
					A character can move to a cell that is lower than the currently occupied cell, regardless of height.
				After a move is performed, the player may select a facing direction for the character.
			Attack
				Can be performed one time per turn.
				Attacks can be triggered from the space currently occupied by the active character - and deal damage to targets occuping that space.
				If an attack hits a target, 
				Attacks are limited by distance
					Limited by a max range: 1
					(Post MVP) - Some weapons may change this value
				Attacks are limited by height
					Limited by a max height difference of 3
					(Post MVP) - Some weapons may change this value
				Successful attacks deal damage to a target.
					(Post MVP) - Damage types
					Damage delt is always a set "simple" value					
			Pass
				Ends turn for that character.
				Adds a small value to the initiative counter.
		Game Field
			Pathable Terrain - characters can be directed to move over this type of terrain.
			Hindering Terrain - Characters can move onto this type of terrain, but have their attacks and abilities locked while standing on it.
			Non-pathable terrain - characters will move up against this terrain, but cannot move through it.
		UI
			Side panel - Occupies the right hand side of the screen.
				Features turn order - The top unit listed is the active character, the second entry is the next character that will be active.
				Character Unitpanel
					Character Status and health
					Player Color background.
					Reactive mouse-over - When the player hovers the mouse over a unit on the sidebar, it highlights the pawn in the field.
					(Post MVP) - When turns transition, there is an animation of the top Unitpanel moving to its location in the list.
			Bottom Panel - Occupies the bottom of the screen.
				Displays the currently Active Character's Unitpanel
				Buttons for actions that can be taken.
					Can this be simplified based on intuitive logic?
		UX
			Game is played exclusively with the mouse.
				HotSeat gameplay isn't the best for this.  
				Let's learn some netcode or get a prefab?
	Gameplay Loops
		Post MVP
	Narrative
		Post MVP
		We need to have a flying pig that is only present in narrative scenes for some reason.
Appendices 
	Production Specific
		Git based issue reporting and task tracking
	Art Specific
		Placeholder Art until MVP is completed
	Design Specific
		Gameplay Field UI
			Game Field - Contains graphical representations of the terrain, characters, and reflects selected menu options
			Side UI Element - Contains status and health information for all fielded characters, colored to denote team, and ordered as a timer.
			Bottom UI Element - Contains selected character information with more detail than side UI element.
		Camera
			Static cam on Game Field
			Rotate functionality.
			tilt functionality?
		Menus
			Main Menu
			Character Status
		Character Jobs?  Classes?
			Scout
				Fast moving
				Tough to hit/damage (avoidant)
				Sensitive
			Bait
				Tough to hit/damage (armored)
				Battlefield manipulation
			Caster
				Ranged magic damage
				Area denial and positioning requirements
			Lancer
				Ranged physical damage
				Guide
			Sensitive
				Observant
				Crowd Controller
				Support
		Terrain
			General
				Terrain has a location X,Y location based on its position on the map.
				Terrain has a Height statistic based on its relative height.  
					Base height is 0.  
					a Height of 1 is 1 unit above.
					a Height of -1 is 1 unit below base height.
			Terrain Types
				Standard
					Costs 1 move to move over.
					Only one unit can occupy a cell at a time.
				Flooded
					Flooded cells block the Attack action.
				Difficult Terrain
					Costs 1 additional move to move off of that cell.  
					Moving onto a difficult terrain cell does not cost additional move.
References
	Mechanical Reference
		FFT
		Disgaea
	Artistic Reference
		Menus
		Characters
		Environments
	Narrative Reference
		???
